but where
from the Lord Stan
the gate of the Lord's house and
proclaimed there this world and say hear
the word of the Lord all you of Judah
who enter in at these gates to worship
the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts the
God of Israel amend your ways and your
doings and I will cause you to dwell in
this place do not trust in these lying
words saying the Temple of the Lord the
Temple of the Lord the Temple of the
Lord are these for if you thoroughly
amend your ways and your doings
if you thoroughly execute judgment
between a man and his neighbor if you do
not oppress the stranger the fatherless
and the widow and do not shed innocent
blood in this place or walk after other
gods to your hurt then I will cause you
to dwell in this place in the land that
I gave to your father's forever and ever
behold you trust in lying words that
cannot profit will you steal murder
commit adultery swear falsely burn
incense to veil and walk after other
gods whom you do not know and then come
and stand before me in this house which
is called by my name and say we are
delivered to do all these abominations
has this house which is called by my
name become a den of thieves in your
eyes behold I even I have seen it but go
now to my place which was in Shiloh
where I set my name at the first and see
what I did to it because of the
wickedness of my people Israel
and now because you have done all these
work says the Lord and I spoke to you
rising up early and speaking but you did
not hear and I called you but you did
not answer therefore I will do to the
house which is called by my name in
which you trust and to this place which
I gave to you and your father's as I
have done to Shiloh and I will cast you
out of my sight as I have cast out all
your brethren the whole posterity of
Ephraim therefore do not pray for this
people nor lift up a cry or prayer for
them nor make intercession to me for I
will not hear you do you not see what
they do in the cities of Judah and in
the streets of Jerusalem the children
gather would the father's kindled the
fire and the women need dough to make
cakes for the Queen of Heaven and they
pour out drink offerings to other gods
that they may provoke me to anger do
they provoke me to anger says the Lord
do they not provoke themselves to the
shame of their own faces therefore thus
says the Lord God behold my anger and my
fury will be poured out on this place on
man and on beasts on the trees of the
field and on the fruit of the ground and
it will burn and not be quenched thus
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
add your burnt offerings to your
sacrifices and eat meat for I did not
speak to your fathers or command them in
the day that I brought them out of the
land of Egypt concerning burnt offerings
or sacrifices but this is what I
commanded them saying obey my voice
and I will be your God and you shall be
my people and walk in all the ways that
I have commanded you that it may be well
with you
yet they did not obey or incline their
ear but followed the counsels
and the dictates of their evil hearts
and went backward and not forward since
the day that your fathers came out of
the land of Egypt until this day I have
even sent to you all my servants the
prophets daily rising up early and
sending them yet they did not obey me or
incline their ear but stiffened their
neck they did worse than their fathers
therefore you shall speak all these
words to them but they will not obey Him
you shall also call to them but they
will not answer you so you shall say to
them this is a nation that does not obey
the voice of the Lord their God nor
receive correction truth has perished
and has been cut off from their mouth
cut off your hair and cast it away and
take up a lamentation on the desolate
heights for the Lord has rejected and
forsaken the generation of his wrath for
the children of Judah have done evil in
my sight says the Lord they have set
their abominations in the house which is
called by my name to pollute it and they
have built the high places of toph it
which is in the valley of the son of
Hinnom to burn their sons and their
daughters in the fire which I did not
command nor did it come into my heart
therefore behold the days are coming
says the Lord when it will no more be
called toe Fateh or the valley of the
son of Hinnom
but the valley of slaughter for they
will bury aunt ofit until there is no
room the corpses of this people will be
food for the birds of the heaven and for
the beasts of the earth and no one will
frighten them away then I will cause to
cease from the cities of Judah and from
the streets of Jerusalem the voice of
mirth and the voice of gladness the
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
the bride for the land shall be desolate